my name is Durga garmiskar I'm great
sickness my my father is farmer I like
both of the food in the remote Ethiopian
village of Kirara
life is difficult especially for the
women but the futures of girls like reg
Bay are looking brighter most now get a
primary education bringing much needed
skills to the community and the
Millennium village project in Carraro is
also working to make sure that girls
carry on learning despite high fees and
a 30 kilometer walk to the nearest
secondary school there are many
obstacles that the that the that - going
regardless to secondary school is one
economic problems second parent
influences under marriage supported by a
scholarship
Samrat Kubrick eros is one of over 50
girls from Carraro primary who have
cleared these hurdles and gone on to
secondary school I was born in Colorado
and now I live in G housing from grade 9
up to 12 NASA space project if I am NOT
supported by the main vice project
I already married because they are
family as know not to educate person
that means they haven't any knowledge
about education
I study this in order to to be a doctor
that means if a girl from Colorado
doesn't go to secondary school her faith
will be having marriage and living at
lowest standard by farming entering into
high school will make the girlís feature
bright it will create opportunities
research jobs which can help you
themselves can serve the community out
of the existing 50 to learn scholarship
proper if this was not there no one of
them came to the high school to continue
her education so this is changing their
life these dentists have a goal sustain
hope the successes of the girls at
secondary school in house yen are
inspiring their sisters and friends at
correspond with me
I want doctor I would like study with
continued support reg based dreams and
those of thousands of girls in Carraro
can turn into reality which in turn will
ensure that the entire community can
benefit